hello everyone like I'm the doctor swim
I bring a new video from the series of
thyroid as promised on the page
facebook channel
remember to subscribe to the channel here
the button below to the page
facebook that I leave the link in the
description here every day play
trivial medical cycles and asses by the
style and do not forget to like the video
that's why it's very important for
make these videos that enjoy it
the thyroid is wrapped in a thin
connective tissue capsule figured
elastic that helps maintain the
gland in your position and you can see
here surrounding the gland
in white
under this southern line in turn this
capsule 50 rolls by a pod by
from the external neurotic
cervical aponeurosis middle pre trachea
which we illustrate here with this line
blue
on the posterior side the gland is
attached to the thyroid cartilage at
trachea and the muscles click or pharynx
by means of a thickening of the
aponeurosis that forms the ligament
barry suspensory
this is the typical histological aspect of
the thyroid gland in an attention of
matos and linneo without the capsule emits some
fine fibrous partitions between which
travel the blood and lymphatic vessels
and nervous inside the thyroid
these same partitions divide the
thyroid parenchyma in 'low beds of
various sizes separated by tissue
connecting each of these lobules
or so it is not formed by a single
specialized thyroid epithelium layer
or follicular epithelium that rests on the
basal lamina which in turn are
formed by the functional unit and
structural of the gland that is the
thyroid follicle and that we see here
also here you can observe the
variability in shape and size of
follicles the follicle morphology
varies in relation to the activity of the
gland when it is in
state of intense activity
the cells are bulky and the
Follicle color material is sparse
while in idle state the
colon volume what is this pink that
there is here is increased and the cells
follicles are flattened this is
because the color d is the place of
reserve of thyroid hormones that
they are synthesized by the cells
epithelial globulin shot
when the organism through the
hormone threw trophic pituitary otc well
it requires the release of hormones
thyroid cells are extracted from
color of the globulin shot that is
directed to the bloodstream of this
form during the active phase of
secretion the cells increase in size
when they are in the phase of activity and
they decrease when they are working
reduced pace under normal conditions
the color that can accumulate up to 30
times the necessary amount of hormones
thyroid
here you can see the thyroid follicle
the follicle is a unique structure
between the endocrine glands because
can hold a lot of hormone
inactive in an extracellular space this
it means that they are essentially
Storage compartments
inside out they are composed by the
color of which is the central cavity
occupied by a physical material support
gym composed mainly by
thyroglobulin that stores the hormone
thyroid in inactive form cells
follicular sotirios scalar milestones
on the basal lamina where
they find blood capillaries and
lymphatics and nerves these cells
their height is regularly arranged
it depends on the functional state being
cubic in the absence of stimulation by
13h and cylindrical in presence
and finally the last component of
thyroid follicles are the cells for
follicular or cells that are cells
clear that participate in the regulation
of calcium administration and
phosphorus through the production of
calcitonin
here we have another histological preparation
of thyroid tissue where you see a lot
better then the follicle components
we are going to enlarge this follicle here
so that we write the characteristics
histological features of each of the
components of it
let's start with ecological
remember that the color of this
composed of a material protein action
amorphous rich in globulin shot that
contains the residues of the future
thyroid hormones in their inactive form
it is like this or intense edge and therefore of
dyed rose with it without and is this
what we see here
the follicular cells that are all
what are we seeing here forming
a simple cubic epithelium is to say that
are arranged in a single layer as
I already showed you and are united by desmo
shadows remember that they produce the
hormone 374 have a plasma site
phylum acid and a spherical basal nucleus
they have short micro villi in the
extreme applies the and the color of that
here we can not observe and have
abundant rough endoplasmic reticulum
and secretory vesicles and pines and tics
of color resorption
another component are the cells for
follicular that are these that they see by
here that are part of the follicle but not
they contact the color of and you are
in the basal lamina secrete calcitonin
he made a row row and lonely acid
to finish from this preparation
count the structures of the follicles
of colors
from facebook so you can discard it
this has been all for today they can
subscribe malaysia we go for growing
information about the new videos
I promise that each of these best
follow us on facebook and naut medicines
from smell it does a description and not
forget we'll see each other